Update Kubernetes resource utilization known limitations (#19333)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/containers/kubernetes_resource_utilization.md

> Metrics are not displayed for groups containing at least one pod with container(s) that do not set requests or limits, as Datadog cannot infer the usage percentage without them. These groups without metrics appear last, regardless of the sorting order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are not displayed for groups containing at least one pod with containers that do not set requests or limits, as Datadog cannot infer the usage percentage without them. These groups without metrics appear last, regardless of the sorting order.
```
